Question 1)
When using Scrum, the team repeats project processes in a timebox. What Agile term does this approach represent?

Increases
Inspections
Iterations
Increments
Question 2)
Which two of the following statements regarding a product vision are correct?

A product vision tells your team the specific tasks they need to complete. 
A product vision makes it clear where your team’s boundaries are.
A product vision is a short statement that stays constant throughout the project.
A product vision helps your team imagine what the work will be like when they’re done.
Question 3)
Fill in the blank: In Scrum, the _____ often assumes the role of the Scrum Master.

Development Team Member
project manager
Stakeholder
Product Owner
Question 4)
Fill in the blank: The Product Owner’s key responsibility is acting as the voice of the _____ within the team.

vendor
customer
organization 
stakeholder 
Question 5)
What is the main difference between a Scrum Master and a project manager?

A Scrum Master chiefly acts as a coach and facilitator to the Scrum Team 
A Scrum Master chiefly acts as a customer liaison to the Scrum Team
A Scrum Master chiefly acts as the main line of communication between stakeholders and the Scrum Team
A Scrum Master chiefly acts as a product technical expert to the Scrum Team
Question 6)
What are the benefits of locating a team in the same physical space (also known as co-locating)? Select all that apply.

The team works across time zones by coordinating schedules. 
The team collaborates effectively over video conferencing platforms.
The team gets together quickly to get work done or solve a problem.
The team delivers a higher quality of work at a quicker rate.
Question 7)
What are the key characteristics of successful Product Owners? Select all that apply.

Collaborative
Optimistic
Independent 
Customer-focused
Question 8)
A team member is working on a very specific solution involving a new technology. Teammates work together to speed up their progress. With their teammates’ help, they get it across the finish line.

What core Scrum value is embodied in this scenario?

Openness
Courage
Respect
Focus
 Question 9)
What are attributes of a project team that uses Scrum development? Select all that apply.

Independent
Cross-functional
Customer-oriented
Self-managing
Question 10)
Fill in the blank: A Product Owner and project manager typically both have the responsibility of _____.

Product Backlog management
stakeholder management
team performance management
timebox management
Question 11)
In the three pillars of Scrum Theory, what does inspection refer to? Select all that apply.

Allowing stakeholders a look into project plans
Conducting timely checks towards the outcome of a sprint goal to detect undesirable variances
Performing regular evaluations in order to find improvements
Continuously checking in on progress and deliverables to detect any undesirable changes
Question 12)
Fill in the blank: A Scrum Team should be _____, which means people with different skill sets in the organization work together to complete the project successfully.
decisive
organized
cross-functional
self-disciplined
Question 13)
In Scrum, the Product Owner is responsible for what? Select all that apply.
Helping the Developers understand what to build
Coaching and facilitating Scrum events 
Prioritizing the Product Backlog 
Ensuring the product or service fulfill the customers’ needs
Question 14)
What are some key skills a successful Scrum Master should have? Select all that apply.
Communication
Budgeting
Coaching
Leadership
Question 15)
What is the optimal size of a Development Team?
1 to 3 people 
3 to 9 people
11 to 15 people
5 to 20 people 
Question 16)
Fill in the blank: Product Owners should be _____. 
customer-focused
meeting-facilitators
cross-functional
Agile leaders
Question 17)
A team member runs into an issue within the project but they aren’t sure how to fix it. They share this problem with the team to ensure everyone is aware of the challenge they encountered.
What core Scrum value is embodied in this scenario?
Respect
Focus
Openness
Commitment
Question 18)
Which of the following are responsibilities that a Product Owner would typically have and a project manager would not have? Select all that apply.
Create and communicate Product Backlog items
Timebox management
Monitor team performance 
Manage stakeholders
Question 19)
What is one difference between a project manager and Scrum Master? 
The project manager is concerned with the team’s performance, while the Scrum Master is concerned with managing the team’s Backlog.
There is no difference between the two.
The project manager prepares the work schedule for the team members and assigns responsibilities, while a Scrum Master coaches the team on Scrum and motivates them.
The Scrum Master prepares the work schedule for the team members and assigns responsibilities, while a project manager coaches the team on Scrum and motivates them.
Question 20)
What are some of the tasks Product Owners are responsible for? Select all that apply.
Ensure the Product Backlog is visible and transparent to all 
Ensure the team builds the right product or service
Deal with vendors and contract negotiations
Continuously maximize the value of the product delivered by the Scrum Team
Question 21)
What two qualities should a successful Development Team possess? Select all that apply.
Self-sufficient
Independent
Self-organizing
Cross-functional
Question 22)
Who on the Scrum Team is responsible for meeting customers’ needs and prioritizing the Product Backlog?
Product Owner
Development Team
Project Manager
Scrum Master
Question 23)
As a project manager organizing a development team, you want to make sure the team has the skills necessary to build the product or carry out the service. Which recommended team trait does this represent?
supportive
customer-oriented
cross functional
self-managing
Question 24)
In Agile, what is a mission statement?
A short statement that helps your team imagine what the work will be like when they’re done. 
A short statement that gives your team something to work towards and stays constant throughout the project. 
A short statement that shows stakeholders what your team’s values are. 
A short statement that explains specific tasks your team members should work on.
Question 25)
Scrum Teams behave according to what core values? Select all that apply.
Focus
Openness 
Dissension 
Respect
Commitment
Question 26)
What is one responsibility of both a Product Owner and a project manager?
Team performance management
Timebox management
Product Backlog management
Stakeholder management
Question 27)
In the three pillars of Scrum, what does transparency mean? Select all that apply.
Teams must be upfront and open with all stakeholders, including team members, customers, sponsors, and management.
Everyone on the team must be transparent in order to avoid mixed signals, breakdowns of communication, and unnecessary complications. 
Teams must make the most significant aspects of their work visible to those responsible for the outcome. 
Only team members who deal with vendors or stakeholders must be transparent.
Question 28)
As a new project begins, the Scrum Team creates processes and structures they believe will help them efficiently complete the project. While they are open to ideas, the team doesn’t want to rely on outside processes to get the work done. Which Development Team trait does this represent?
Cross-functional
Cross-organizing
Self-organizing
Customer-oriented
Question 29)
What are a Product Owner’s responsibilities? Select all that apply.
Make sure the product fulfills the customers’ needs 
Clearly communicate and prioritize the Product Backlog 
Help the team understand the overall goal and mission of the project 
Facilitate Scrum events such as the Sprint Planning and Retrospective
Question 30)
What are some of the main responsibilities of a Scrum Master? Select all that apply.

Acts as the voice of the customer
Facilitates scrum events such as Sprint Retrospectives
Minimizes unhelpful interactions or interruptions coming from outside of the team
Coaching team members to use Agile and Scrum practices
Question 31)
Which of the following statements regarding a product vision are correct?

A product vision makes it clear where your team’s boundaries are
A product vision helps your team imagine what the work will be like when they’re done
Question 32)
What are two benefits of co-locating a team?

Gets together quickly to get work done or solve a problem
Delivers a higher quality of work at a quicker rate
Question 33)
What core Scrum value is embodied in the following scenario?

A team member is working on a very specific solution involving a new technology. Teammates work together to speed up their progress. With their teammates’ help, they get it across the finish line.

Focus
